courting death
Good boy come
Let me try
If you touch a hair on me, try it. Okay.
Then I will fulfill you
Who the hell are you?
I am your grandfather
Don't come over.
I fucking killed him
What I hate the most is when people threaten me
Come here!
I told you not to come here
Okay, you, you, you are going to die
Then I'll kill you first.
Sister Su Wen, stop
Stop causing trouble
Do you still think we haven't caused enough trouble with our Gao family?
I did it to save you, it was just a misunderstanding
You don't have to hit anyone
Just explain it clearly
Xu Wenjie, if you want to die, die by yourself
Don't pull us together
Hey, Uncle Li
Hit you Xu Wenjuan
It has nothing to do with me.
Dog bites Lu Dongbin
Don't know good people